# State-Space Search Problem with Sokoban

## Run "By hand"

~~~
python3 sokoban.py --grid puzzle1.txt

python3 sokoban.py --agent DFS --grid puzzle1.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a DFS -g puzzle2.txt
~~~

## Exercise 1: Breadth First Search

~~~
python3 sokoban.py -a BFS -g puzzle1.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a BFS -g puzzle2.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a BFS -g puzzle3.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a BFS -g puzzle4.txt
~~~

## Exercise 2: Greedy Best-First Search

~~~
python3 sokoban.py -a GBFS -g puzzle1.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a GBFS -g puzzle2.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a GBFS -g puzzle3.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a GBFS -g puzzle4.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a GBFS -g puzzle5.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a GBFS -g puzzle6.txt
~~~

## Exercise 3: A* Search

~~~
python3 sokoban.py -a ASS -g puzzle1.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a ASS -g puzzle2.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a ASS -g puzzle3.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a ASS -g puzzle4.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a ASS -g puzzle5.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a ASS -g puzzle6.txt
~~~

## Exercise 4: Iterative Deepening Search

~~~
python3 sokoban.py -a IDS -g puzzle1.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a IDS -g puzzle2.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a IDS -g puzzle3.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a IDS -g puzzle4.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a IDS -g puzzle5.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a IDS -g puzzle6.txt
~~~


## Exercise 5: Iterative Deepening A* Search

~~~
python3 sokoban.py -a IDASS -g puzzle1.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a IDASS -g puzzle2.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a IDASS -g puzzle3.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a IDASS -g puzzle4.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a IDASS -g puzzle5.txt
python3 sokoban.py -a IDASS -g puzzle6.txt
~~~
